"Start with base" is a small mod which generates a base at the end of world generation. So if you are tiered building your own all the time that mod might work for you. But it won't give you too much. You still need to place chests and crafting stations. For NPC flats you don't need to care about. It will check how many NPC your mods contain and resize the base accordingly. There will be also enough space for chest which allow you to store each item from active mods in you current game.

It won't win a design award for good looking :)
The main concept about this base is to reduce ways to NPC's, crafting stations, chests and a high amount of chest you can quick-stack too (after teleport back).
It should balance a high NPC flat density with a high chest density. Each of those can be done better but with negative effect for the other. If you think you got a better base structure with higher NPC and chest density write me in linked page please. (base made for vanilla, there might be better if you play with mods)

There you can also view how the base will look like at start an how it can look later on.

It would be nice if you can also write me your experience during playthrough with this base mod.

Thanks for testing. gl hf!

Update: 
options for [c/88CC88:alternative tiles and base structure]. Enter at the end of world name.
$Ba2 - base with smallest element of 2 NPC flats
$Ba3 - base with smallest element of 3 NPC flats (§b3b for big version)
$Ba6 - base with smallest element of 6 NPC flats (credits to Sergo for that)
$Fpa, Fdy, Fwo, Fgr, Fbo, Fri ---> changes the furniture material
$Tha, Tob, Tdy, Two, Tss, Tri, Tbo --> changes the tiles used for flats
$Wha, Wdg, Wdy, Wwo, Wss, Wdi, Wri, Wbo --> changes the used wall
$Sy* - random style of used tiles, predefined $Sy0, $Sy1, $Sy2

You can combine those, e.g "MyWorldName$Ba3FdyTssWdi" (without quotes) will select base 3 with dyndasty wood furniture (Fdy), stone slab for Flats (Tss) and dirt as wall behind (Wdi)
more details at linked page

updates:
0.1.3.0 - Advanced options, added 2 alternative base structures and the option to change the used tiles
0.1.0.5 - some bug fixing